Add a faq for automated tests (#2679)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/faq.md

* [Using TestCafe](https://docs.saucelabs.com/web-apps/automated-testing/testcafe/#supported-testing-platforms)

#### **Can I use any version of Node.js to run my tests?**

No, the version of Node.js used is fixed for each framework version. It will generally be the current
LTS version at the time of release. A full list can be found in our docs:

* [Using Cypress](https://docs.saucelabs.com/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress/#supported-testing-platforms)
* [Using Playwright](https://docs.saucelabs.com/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/#supported-testing-platforms)
* [Using TestCafe](https://docs.saucelabs.com/web-apps/automated-testing/testcafe/#supported-testing-platforms)

#### **My tests rely on private npm packages. How do I include them in my tests?**

If your registry is externally accessible, you can include it in your saucectl configuration 
under the `registries` setting:

```yaml
npm:
  registries:
    - url: https://registry.npmjs.org
    - url: https://private.registry
      scope: "@scope"
      authToken: secretToken
```

If your registry is only accessible inside your corporate network, you'll have to use 

> SauceConnect to securely connect the SauceLabs cloud to your registry. See the

Reviewer: Give spaces some love :D
```suggestion
Sauce Connect to securely connect the Sauce Labs cloud to your registry. See the
```

> [SauceConnect](https://docs.saucelabs.com/secure-connections/sauce-connect-5/) docs for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sauce Connect](https://docs.saucelabs.com/secure-connections/sauce-connect-5/) docs for more
```
